#ABOUT ME
All of my friends and family call me Kas.
I'm 26 years old as I was born in 1999.
I am originally from Sri Lanka and I am currently based in Melbourne, Australia.
I am an ambivert — sometimes very loud and noisy, and other times very quiet where no one would notice me.
I would describe myself as ambitious, competitive, and a leader.
My core drive and motivation is the thirst to learn as many things as possible.
I have lived in Sri Lanka and Australia. I have also travelled to many countries such as Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia.
My personal portfolio is at sadidula.github.io.

#EDUCATION BACKGROUND
I have completed my bachelor of science in computer science majoring games and computer graphic development pathway.
I did my bachelor's in University of Westminster London.
I have completed my master of information technology (MIT) in professional computing majoring software development pathway.
I did my master's in Swinburne University of technology, Victoria, Australia.
I am currently learning and very interested in quantum computing, quantum engineering, and robotics.

#WORK BACKGROUND
I am a postgraduate student and also a freelancer. I have experience in full-stack development and game engineering.
My programming languages include Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PHP, C#, C++, Vue, Python, React, and Ruby on Rails.
I have worked with game engines including Unity, Unreal Engine, and I have started learning Godot.
I love solo development — I prefer working independently with full ownership and creative control. I also love to teach people even though I feel I am not great at it.
I recently built a website for a client — a plant nursery called Paradise Valley, at paradisevalleynursery.com.au.
I have done 18 solo games and 11 collaborative games during my time in spacetimer studio as a game engineer.
I have done a 2 million+ game called rope gang.

#HOBBIES
I play competitive FPS games including Apex Legends, Battlefield, and Rainbow Six Siege, I'm actively playing The Division 2 these days.
I hit the gym regularly.